Ah, that's right.
Mr. Shen wants to marry Yaruo
Then why is he still helping today uh uh
That little bitch
Against us
Oh, doctor!
I see that fool
It's not Mr. Shen at all
When he's just bragging
Just happened to meet Mr. Shen and cancel our family's cooperation
Ah dad
In the beginning
I am the wife of the president of Shen's Group
I am Mrs. Shen
You're a high society guy, dad
Ah!
Ha ha.
Brother Mo
Is it good or bad that you just went backwards?
What do you mean?
Gu Te lives under the provincial and municipal group artists
Above prosperity
The president's most trusted person
Tell me the truth.
Is it you?
Ask him to cancel his cooperation with Shen shi
You have an imagination
regardless
You don't have to be brave for me
Brother Guo, don't be brave for me in the future
I know you have the same name as the president of the Shen Group
What are they called?
But he is the president
You're just a waiter
You can't just because you have the same name as him
And a good friend of Gooter's advocacy
I forget that I am just the road
Looking for Brother Bo, really
Do you think they will ban me?
Our company still can't recruit people
Why don't we both go to lollipops?
At that time, Jianghu people will give the nickname Phoenix Legend Yang Si
OK, then I'll ask Jingjing.
As long as Ali can be with you
Even if you don't become the richest man
See you.
Help me and Jiang Li
Arrange a job as a hotel waiter
Waiter Mr. Shen
What kind of broken class are you?